"Boredom - The Mother of all invention"
"Two things are infinite. The universe and human stupidity  -Albert Einstein"
"Humans are many things.. but rarely themselves"
"www.ImTheShit.com . Damn Right. Damn Right."
"<-- I'm with stoopid"
"Ya have to wonder: What the hell were you thinking?"
"Where ever you go, There you are"
"I am a random quote."
"I'll bet you love these little things dont ya?"
"O' Muse, Sing in me, of the man skilled in all the ways of contending, A wanderer, Harried for years on end"
"You have sawdust in the wind-mills of your mind"
"You havent disabled this yet? Damn.."
"Ya know. Your one can short of a six pack"
"These things are hard to come up with ya know that? Im runnin outa ideas."
"Set a fire for a man, and he's warm for an evening. Set fire TO a man and he'll be warm for the rest of his life"
"And on the 6th day, god created Litestep."
"Did you know: The oldest living thing on earth is the Methusalah Tree? A Bristlecone Pine over 4600 years old"
"Ashes to Ashes, Dust to Dust."
"I toke that green-green/And think Im sitting in a porsche/but really I'm in a tub/Butt naked with no water   -Burnas"
"Even after all my logic and my theory/I add a Mutha-Fucka/So ya ignant sucka's hear me"
"Amputate my legs/and give me pegs/and STILL I could never halfstep  -Cerebral Kneival"
"Thou shalt not make a hoe a housewife  -The lost 11th commandment"
"Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime"
"Sometimes the illusion of sanity is just as good as the real thing."
"Heres an I.P. go dial up someone who cares =/"
"Often genuis is mistaken for insanity, and insanity for genuis"
"Osama: Your a real moron ya know that? Ya damn dink =/"
"Don't ask the barber whether you need a haircut. -Daniel S. Greenberg"
"The man is richest whose pleasures are the cheapest. -Henry David Thoreau"
"What I do today is important because I'm exchanging a day of my life for it. -Albert M. Wells, JR."
"A man grows most tired while standing still. -Chinese Proverb"
"A habit cannot be tossed out the window; it must be coaxed down the stairs a step at a time. -Mark Twain"
"Words to deeds cold breath gives. -Lady Macbeth (Shakespeare)"
"Amateurs hope. Professional work. -Garson Kanin"
"The secret to success in any human endeavor is total concentration. -Kurt Vonnegut."
"A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other people's patience. -John Updike"
"The most pitiful poverty is that of a man who has more than he needs but feels he doesn't have enough. -Robert C. Savage"
"Worry is paying interest on trouble that may never come. -Robert C. Savage."
"If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. -Chinese Proverb"
"Oh, to have the gift to think for ourselves as we can think for others! -Author Unknown"
"If you see good in everybody,"
"Nearly everybody will see good in you. -Author Unknown"
"Dare I? Of course I don't. But I'm going to anyhow because I have no choice. -Madeleine L'Engle"
"Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction. -Blaise Pascal"
"It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. -Harry Truman"
"People expect too much of one year and too little of ten. -George Bernard Shaw"
"Inspiration is a guest who does not like to visit lazy people. -Tchaikowsky"
"Avoid studies of which the result dies with the worker. -from the Notebooks of Leonardo Da Vinci"
"As a day well spent procures a happy sleep, so a life well employed procures a happy death. -from the Notebooks of Leonardo Da Vinci"
"He who thinks little, errs much. -from the Notebooks of Leonardo Da Vinci"
"Abbreviators do harm to knowledge and to love. -from the Notebooks of Leonardo Da Vinci"
"Never, Never, Never Give Up. -Winston Churchill"
"The ability to speak well is the shortcut to distinction. -Dale Carnegie"
"Success is a journey, not a destination. -Vince Lombardi"
"The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there. -Vince Lombardi"
"We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails. -Vince Lombardi"
"It takes months to find a customer . . . seconds to lose one. Do not follow where the path may lead. . . go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Vince Lombardi"
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. -Vince Lombardi"
"If you would not be forgotten, either write things worth reading or do things worth the writing. -Benjamin Franklin"
"All that is needed for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." -Edmund Burke"
"Why is it that all men who are outstanding in philosophy, poetry or the arts are melancholic?" -Aristotle"
"The first step to better times is to imagine them."
"Don't put all your eggs in one basket."
"Small leaks sink the ship."
"What's worth doing at all is worth doing well."
"Molasses is hard stuff to pick up."
"Absence of occupation is not rest. A mind quite vacant is a mind distressed. -William Cowper"
"The sins of youth are paid for in old age. -Latin Proverb"
"Flattery is alright--if you don't inhale. -Adlai Stevenson."
"One head cannot hold all wisdom (Maasai, East Africa), "
"Heroism consists of hanging on one minute longer (Norwegian),"
"Better to suffer for truth than to prosper by falsehood"
"Success has many parents, but failure is an orphan "
"Doubt is the key to knowledge. (Iranian)"
"Postpone today's anger until tomorrow. (Tagalog, Filipino)"
"A good example is the best sermon. (English)"
"Promise little and do much. (Hebrew)"
"It is better to prevent than to cure. (Peruvian)"
"Injustice is relatively easy to bear; what stings is justice."
"Life is hard. It’s even harder if you’re stupid."
"By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth. -George Carlin"
"An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered. An inconvenience is only and adventure wrongly considered. -G.K. Chesterton"
"If you’re looking for friends when you need them…it’s too late. - Mark Twain"
"If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you. - Francis Roberts"
"Do first what you dread the most. - Anonymous"
"If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself. - Albert Einstein"
"Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense. -Anonymous"
"I am not young enough to know everything. -Oscar Wilde"
"Wise people talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something. - Plato"
"A critic is someone who knows the way, but can't drive the car. -Anonymous"
"Age is not important unless you're a cheese. - Helen Hayes"
"Let us so live life that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. - Mark Twain"
"Misers aren't much fun to live with. But they make wonderful ancestors. - Terry Glaspey"
"The object of opening the mind, as of opening the mouth, is to close it again on something solid. -G.K. Chesterton"
"Patience is not so much about waiting, as it is about how one behaves while waiting. - Anonymous"
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work."
"Things are only impossible until they're not. "
"If you must borrow, always borrow from a pessimist. They don't expect to be paid anyway."
"All that is not eternal is out of date. - C.S. Lewis"
"As a general rule, prosperity is what keeps us in debt. - Anonymous"
"I want nothing to do with natural foods. At my age I need all the preservatives I can get. - George Burns"
"It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do. -Jerome K. Jerome"
"I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish He wouldn't trust me so much. - Mother Teresa"
"Pain is inevitable. Misery is a choice. - Quoted by Christopher Reeves"
"The trouble with being in the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat. - Lily Tomlin"
"If you don't learn to laugh at trouble, you won't have anything to laugh at when you're old. - Ed Howe"
"A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he or she gets to know something. - Wilson Mizner"
"Adversity does not make us frail; it only shows us how frail we are. - Abraham Lincoln"
"You can observe a lot by just watching. - Berra's Law"
"Opinions are like armpits: Everybody has two of them and they stink most of the time. - Anonymous"
"To solve big problems you have to be willing to do unpopular things. - Lee Iacocca"
"Always remember that you're unique, just like everybody else. -Anonymous"
"The most difficult part of golf is learning not to talk about it. - Anonymous"
"The person who has no inner life is the slave to his or her surroundings. - Henri Frederic Amiel"
"The world is divided into people who do things and people who get the credit. Try, if you can, to belong to the first class. There's far less competition. -Dwight Morrow"
"Time is really the only capital that any human being has, and the one thing that he can't afford to lose. -Thomas A. Edison"
"Want to make God laugh? Tell Him you've got plans. - Anonymous"
"God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board. - Mark Twain"
"Some people are making such thorough preparation for rainy days that they aren't enjoying today's sunshine. -William Feather"
"The wise man is he who constantly wonders afresh. -Andre Gide"
"I like my way of doing things better than your way of not doing them. -D. L. Moody."
"Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. -Albert Einstein"
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. -Albert Einstein"
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not. -George Bernard Shaw"
"We don't like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out. -Decca Recording Co. rejecting the Beatles, 1962"
"What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail? -Dr. Robert Schuller"
"It is a great misfortune neither to have enough wit to talk well nor enough judgment to be silent. -LaBruyere"
"We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we already have done. -Longfellow"
"The less men think, the more they talk. -Montesquieu"
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Chinese proverb"
"You can't hold a man down without staying down with him. -Booker T. Washington"
"Begin at once to live, and count each day as a separate life. -Seneca"
"Have more than thou showest; Speak less than thou knowest. -Shakespeare"
"Man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else. -Buffalo News"
"Life is a long lesson in humility. -James M. Barrie"
"Hope is a light diet, but very stimulating. -Balzac"
"The willow which bends to the tempest often escapes better than the oak which resists it. -Sir Walter Scott"
"The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. -Mark Twain"
"The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and to watch somebody else doing it wrong, without comment. -T. H. White"
"Help thy brother's boat across, and lo! Thine own has reached the shore. -Hindu Proverb"
"Don't ask the barber whether you need a haircut. -Daniel S. Greenberg"
"It is never too late to be what you might have been. -George Eliot"
"If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write things worth reading or do things worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin"
"Life is 10 percent what happens to us and 90 percent how we respond to it. -Albert M Wills, Jr."
"A wise man listening to a fool will learn more than a fool listening to a wise man. -Nuggets"
"If you can dream it, you can do it. -Walt Disney"
"Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. -Martin Luther"
"Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Mathew Arnold"
"Storms make oaks take deeper root. -George Herbert"
"He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals. -Benjamin Franklin"
"Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for hours. -Benjamin Disraeli"
"The best way to destroy your enemy is to make him your friend. -Abraham Lincoln"
"The salvation of a single soul is more important than the production or preservation of all the epics and tragedies in the world. -C. S. Lewis"
"Well done, is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin"
"Fortune favors the prepared mind. - Louis Pasteur"
"Those who disregard the past are bound to repeat it. -George Santayana"
"There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of one small candle. -Anonymous"
"The human race is governed by its imagination. -Napoleon Bonaparte"
"You cannot antagonize and influence at the same time. -John Knox"
"The lazier a man is, the more he plans to do tomorrow. -Norwegian Proverb"
"Better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness. -Chinese Proverb"
"Nothing relieves and ventilates the mind like a resolution. -John Burroughs"
"To be clever enough to get a great deal of money, one must be stupid enough to want it. -G.K. Chesterton"
"My lousy way of getting it done is better than your great way of not doing it. -Terry Rossio"
"Mistakes are the byproduct of action -- and thus an accurate gage of effort -Terry Rossio"
"Most will choose to leave someone who can't bear to see them go. -Terry Rossio"
"A fool harvests his opinions in the spring. -quoted or originated by Terry Rossio"
"Personal happiness is so important, most choose to let someone else take care of it. -Terry Rossio"
"Self-esteem is the prize awarded by you to you for playing by your own rules -- in which case, you'd think it would be easier to come by. -Terry Rossio"
"Remeber a one night stand is for a night, but Syphilus lasts forever.- Nolan Keylocke"
"For every minute you are angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness.- Anonymous"
"God may love you, but everyone else thinks your an asshole.- Anonymous"
"Beer, helping white guys dance since 1920.- Anonymous"
"Porn, because it is cheaper than dating.- Anonymous"
"I know a thing or two, about a thing or two. And I know a thing or two, about this thing or two.- Rueben Bustamante"